README.md, before:

# credible

Credible Wallet

## Getting Started

This project depends on [DIDKit](https://github.com/spruceid/didkit).

For now it's required to build DIDKit on the side before building this project.

For more detailed instructions on how to set it up,
please follow [this link](https://github.com/spruceid/didkit/blob/main/lib/FFI.md).

You have to point to your local copy in the `pubspec.yaml` file:

```yaml
didkit:
    path: ../path/to/didkit/lib/flutter
```

Then, to build the flutter artifacts, run one of the following
commands from the root of this repository:

```bash
$ flutter build apk             # Android APK
$ flutter build appbundle       # Android Appbundle
```

## Supported Protocols

All QRCode interactions start as listed below:

- User scans a QRCode containing a URL;
- User is presented the choice to trust the domain in the URL;
- App makes a GET request to the URL;

Then, depending on the type of message, one of the following protocols will be
executed.

### CredentialOffer

After receiving a `CredentialOffer` from a trusted host, the app calls the API
with `subject_id` in the form body, that value is the didKey obtained from the
private key stored in the `FlutterSecureStorage`, which is backed by KeyStore 
on Android and Keychain on iOS.

The flow of events and actions is listed below:

- User is presented a credential preview to review and make a decision;
- App generates `didKey` from the stored private key using `DIDKit.keyToDIDKey`;
- App makes a POST request to the initial URL with the subject set to the `didKey`;
- App receives and stores the new credential;
- User is redirect back to the wallet.

### VerifiablePresentationRequest

After receiving a `VerifiablePresentationRequest` from a trusted host, the app
calls the API with `presentation` the form body, that value is a JSON encoded
string with the presentation obtained from the selected credential and signed
with the credential's private key using `DIDKit.issuePresentation`.

Here are some of the parameters used to generate a presentation:

- `presentation`
  - `id` is set to a random `UUID.v4` string;
  - `holder` is set to the selected credential's `didKey`;
  - `verifiableCredential` is set to the credential value;
- `options`
  - `verificationMethod` is set to the DID's `verificationMethod` `id`;
  - `proofPurpose` is set to `'authentication'`;
  - `challenge` is set to the request's `challenge';
  - `domain` is set to the request's `domain';
- `key` is the credential's stored private key;

The flow of events and actions is listed below:

- User is presented a presentation request to review and make a decision;
- App generates `didKey` from the stored private key using `DIDKit.keyToDIDKey`;
- App issues a presentation using `DIDKit.issuePresentation`;
- App makes a POST request to the initial URL with the presentation;
- User is redirect back to the wallet.

Commit message:

Updated readme to reflect documentation

README.md, after:

![Credible header](https://spruceid.dev/assets/images/crediblehead-9f539ffe32f0082fb362572e7d308c6e.png)

[![](https://img.shields.io/badge/Flutter-1.22.6-blue)](https://flutter.dev/docs/get-started/install) [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/ssi-v0.1-green)](https://www.github.com/spruceid/ssi) [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/DIDKit-v0.1-green)](https://www.github.com/spruceid/didkit) [![](https://img.shields.io/badge/License-Apache--2.0-green)](https://github.com/spruceid/credible/blob/main/LICENSE) [![](https://img.shields.io/twitter/follow/sprucesystems?label=Follow&style=social)](https://twitter.com/sprucesystems) 

Check out the Credible documentation [here](https://spruceid.dev/docs/credible/).

# Credible

Credible is a lightweight, app-store-approved wallet for individuals to manage DIDs and VCs from their mobile phones. It is white-label friendly, open-source, and build on our core SSI libraries.  Over time, we expect to integrate many DID methods and presentation protocols to make this the wallet fully-featured without being ledger-bound or vendor-favoring.

## Getting Started

This project depends on [DIDKit](https://github.com/spruceid/didkit).

For now it's required to build DIDKit on the side before building this project.

For more detailed instructions on how to set it up,
please follow [this link](https://github.com/spruceid/didkit/blob/main/lib/FFI.md).

You have to point to your local copy in the `pubspec.yaml` file:

```yaml
didkit:
    path: ../path/to/didkit/lib/flutter
```

Then, to build the flutter artifacts, run one of the following
commands from the root of this repository:

```bash
$ flutter build apk             # Android APK
$ flutter build appbundle       # Android Appbundle
```

## Supported Protocols

All QRCode interactions start as listed below:

- User scans a QRCode containing a URL;
- User is presented the choice to trust the domain in the URL;
- App makes a GET request to the URL;

Then, depending on the type of message, one of the following protocols will be
executed.

### CredentialOffer

After receiving a `CredentialOffer` from a trusted host, the app calls the API
with `subject_id` in the form body, that value is the didKey obtained from the
private key stored in the `FlutterSecureStorage`, which is backed by KeyStore 
on Android and Keychain on iOS.

The flow of events and actions is listed below:

- User is presented a credential preview to review and make a decision;
- App generates `didKey` from the stored private key using `DIDKit.keyToDIDKey`;
- App makes a POST request to the initial URL with the subject set to the `didKey`;
- App receives and stores the new credential;
- User is redirect back to the wallet.

### VerifiablePresentationRequest

After receiving a `VerifiablePresentationRequest` from a trusted host, the app
calls the API with `presentation` the form body, that value is a JSON encoded
string with the presentation obtained from the selected credential and signed
with the credential's private key using `DIDKit.issuePresentation`.

Here are some of the parameters used to generate a presentation:

- `presentation`
  - `id` is set to a random `UUID.v4` string;
  - `holder` is set to the selected credential's `didKey`;
  - `verifiableCredential` is set to the credential value;
- `options`
  - `verificationMethod` is set to the DID's `verificationMethod` `id`;
  - `proofPurpose` is set to `'authentication'`;
  - `challenge` is set to the request's `challenge';
  - `domain` is set to the request's `domain';
- `key` is the credential's stored private key;

The flow of events and actions is listed below:

- User is presented a presentation request to review and make a decision;
- App generates `didKey` from the stored private key using `DIDKit.keyToDIDKey`;
- App issues a presentation using `DIDKit.issuePresentation`;
- App makes a POST request to the initial URL with the presentation;
- User is redirect back to the wallet.
